AD - iam-update-user fix (#14812)
demisto/content: Packs/Active_Directory_Query/ReleaseNotes/1_3_4.md

#### Integrations
##### Active Directory Query v2

> - Fixed an issue in ***iam-update-user*** command where the command failed whenever the *allow-enable* argument was set to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the ***iam-update-user*** command where the command would fail when the *allow-enable* argument was set to true.
```
